She had heard his excuses before, thousands of times, but this time she was sick of them.
She had never known that a human body could twist into that position.
The bookcases tilted at a precarious angle over the sleeping infant.
He was a brave man except when it came to small, tight spaces like the tunnel in front of him.
The rich couple was never generous, with their time or with their compliments.
Richard Garlong Champion III believed that though he had never ridden a horse, it would come naturally to him.
After his seven children had gone to sleep, the father piled the ten puppies into a sack and drown them in the river, but one managed to escape.
The young couple, who’d just gotten engaged ten minutes earlier, didn’t think the hot air balloon was supposed to make a hissing sound.
He thought he was the bully online, until a message popped up on his screen one night.
If her husband had believed her when she said she was getting migraines every day, maybe she wouldn’t have left him.
She got drunk even before the food arrived.
He got her alone in his car on the darkened street.
Everyone said that Amelie was a genius, but Albert never expected what she did one day at school.
One flashlight flash meant danger, two flashes meant it was safe; but she saw three flashes that night from beyond the bog, and they had never talked about what three flashes meant.
The new boy liked making tiny little origami weapons — swords, spears, axes — and leaving them on his desk for the next class to find.
78 wasn’t very different than 77, Earl was discovering the day after his birthday.
He would have married her all over again for their ten year anniversary, at least until the morning he discovered the emails between her and his colleague at work.
I don’t want to work, ever, I don’t want to study, and I refuse to play this little life game that you all have set up for me.
The best part of hating life is that nobody ever calls you an optimist.
I wanted to be a winner, and that meant I was willing to cheat. 